1) You can cast not only on people but also the deck (liek altering the next comming card)
2) You can cast magic on other player but for you drink potions (potion to protect you from spells 3 tours)
3) Create a pre-selected or create mutli player game from the begging

----> App Name
Poker Cheater (tricheur de poker)
Poker Cheats
Poker Magic

----> cheats (12 per level)
- Note: Play music or have some effect 
1) The Cosby (human): Put a sleeping pill in the glass of one of surrounding player (left or right) that will take him in a deep sleep on the next hand.
		Tip: Use this on a blind bet bully to help him to relax ;)
2) Screw you guys I'm going home (human): take your bet back and fold. Can be only be activate 
	on the 3rd raise on that round and must be more than 2 players in the table.
		Tip: when everyone go crazy and start raising use this to fold and not lose your current raise.
		
3) The oracle (oracle): See the next card
4)Color Blind (ninja - sharingan): targeted Player lose the ability to identify the suit on Cards 
5)Ulusion (ninja - sharingan): make the target see a specific card something else (doesn't apply on the card alread shown)
6)what's the odds (oracle): see the odds of he winning this match
7)Gimi (oracle): see if the player has double cards of the same rank
8)Roayl ? (oracle): remove any an going effect on you.
9) Burn (Ninja): burn a card
10) buyIn change (magic) : change the buy in of the table for one play
11) suicidal chips (human): once these chips are won they will explode and take with them 5% of the cash of the winner (condition you can make an algorithm to determine the percentage of chip damaged in cash compared of the sucuidale chips added)
12) Kage Bunshin no Jutsu (Shadow Clone) Chips (Ninja): create a 5% clones of your chips
13)The Cosby 2 (human): Throw a sleeping pill in the glass of the player that will take him in a deep sleep on the next hand.
		Tip: Use this on a blind bet bully to help him to relax ;)
14) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cheating_in_poker (human) real cheat
15) sheep follow (ninja - need sharngan):take controle and order the last one Player to bet (your money from the bank will be used)
----> Levels: Poker player, Poker Cheater, Poker Ninja, Poker Magician, Poker Oracle, 

---->Marketing
1) Add all Linkedin panding invitaitons
2) get a picture from tasnim playing poker (prefebly boobs bit naturally showing and naturally playing poker)
3) Create a facebook page and tweeter for your app
4) Just lunch it in France & Tunisia & Canada (gradully start with tunisia controlled damage)
5) put friend faces in the game as bots (your friends will feel compeled to downloaded)
	Best friends = popular friends
	- Said Bousnina
	- Edward the musian
	Process diagram flow
	- Start by tell them an information about what are you doing (Salut! Sebastien je develope une application de Poker offline sur Android, J'aurais besoin de volentaire qui seront ravis d'etre des joueurs virtuelle (bots) que l'utilisateur joura contre hehe. J'ai pensé à mes amis geek, je suis certain que quelque un aimeront etre part dans une application Android 
	- Tell them that you thought about them, and they can be a subject and part of something awesome
	- Ask them if they like to be part of the cool app ?
	- Typicly you will have 4 Replies:  No. YES, Maybe-Yes, Maybe-No
		No: Okay np be profesional
		Yes: Be happy and appreciate that they accepted (hehe merci !)
		Maybe-Yes: (I nned to see the app first or my bot)

	- Let me focus on Yes: At this part they own you a service, ask more yes questions (i.e: Are you agrressive or safe Player, From 1-10 1 is safe 10 agressive ? do you bluff often ? Any other specific caracters you would like your second self (bot) to have? )
	- Manage expectation (Nearly 22% of apps downloaded are never used more than once.): Oh don't expect something crazy Poker bots (Artifical Inteligence) are very hard to get right - Okay I'll try my best to have your style of player set correct
	- Ask him to do an act of faith (Like my page and Get notified when I launch the app, 
	- Finish: And if you like it share it haha ;) Thanks you !
6) Facebook like page and share is a must.

